[core] feat(HotkeysProvider): support advanced nesting use cases (#4767)
palantir/blueprint: packages/core/src/context/hotkeys/hotkeys-provider.md

);
```

@## Advanced usage

HotkeysProvider should not be nested, except in special cases. If you have a rendering boundary within your application
through which React context is not preserved (for example, a plugin system which uses `ReactDOM.render()`) and you wish

> to use hotkeys in a descendant part of the tree below such a boundary, you may render a descendant provider and hydrate it

Author: not sure if "hydrate" is the right word choice. might be too overloaded.

> with the root context instance. Without this context plumbing, you would end up with two "global" hotkeys dialogs in an

Author: paragraph structure is slightly awkward. this presents a potential problem after the solution. maybe we should just clearly state the intended outcome, which is a single global hotkeys dialog no matter how many HotkeysProviders are rendered in the application.

);
```

@## Advanced usage

HotkeysProvider should not be nested, except in special cases. If you have a rendering boundary within your application
through which React context is not preserved (for example, a plugin system which uses `ReactDOM.render()`) and you wish
to use hotkeys in a descendant part of the tree below such a boundary, you may render a descendant provider and initialize

> it with the root context instance. This ensure that there will only be one "global" hotkeys dialogs in an application
> taht has multiple HotkeysProviders.

Author: ```suggestion
it with the root context instance. This ensures that there will only be one "global" hotkeys dialogs in an application
which has multiple HotkeysProviders.
```
